The ego-clinging is a self-important attitude. According to the teachings of the Buddha, we
had so many lifetimes. Even there are no numbers. From the speaking list, until now, we carry
the self-important and the ego-clinging all the time. But today, by the teachings of the
greatest teacher, Buddha Shakta Muni, and teachings of the great, all those Bodhisattvas,
we are reversing that direction. We are reversing that right today. So how wonderful, how beautiful
it is. Today, I go something so special that I never dreamed in my life, from beginning
at times. Today, I did. How wonderful. So really, rejoice, our happy deed, and something
happy. And then, because of that, when we did that, and not just only us or only we,
but according to all the Bodhisattvas' eyes open, they see our intention told. They watched.
They are also rejoicing. They are glorifying. They are collapsing. They are cheering out.
I'm not teaching. I'm totally teaching. They are also wonderful. Not just only the Buddha's
bodhisattvas. All the sentient beings are joy. Now they don't have to be scared with us.
We are their friends. We are going to help support and benefit them. We are not aliens
of them. We are going to mingle with them. How wonderful. Every level is rejoiced in the
beautiful. That is what this is. So really, feel that from the heart, and then we join
together this one.